{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18240\viewh11960\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 What is work life balance?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Work life balance means maintaining evenness in professional and personal life. It means focusing well on the tasks assigned in the office as well as spending quality time with family, no matter what chaos are going on in either. It can be done by prioritizing tasks, managing time as well as keeping both the domains separate. This helps in better productivity and stability in both aspects.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What does a perfect day look like?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A perfect day starts with gratitude, body stretching leading to good vibes for the whole day,tasks are completed ahead of schedule, positive interactions take place, enjoying work with opportunity to learn something new, helping people wherever possible and spending some time with family. So, staying calm, positive and happy in every situation leads to a perfect day.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What does work mean to you?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Work is where I can showcase my expertise. It is enjoyable for me, and provides me with more challenges that allow me to enhance my skills.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Give an example from your life where you defied pressure from your family or closed ones to do something which was right according to you.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 The most challenging experience was when my wife was pregnant, she experienced some health issues, and we had to decide on emergency delivery. During that time, I felt a lot of pressure, but we managed to get through it. Now, a lively baby has come into our lives, bringing us a lot of happiness, and we've forgotten about all the previous stress.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What is your biggest fear?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 My biggest fear is the feeling of knowing it all and getting into comfort zone. I always want to learn and grow with growing technologies and challenge my capabalities.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What are your hobbies and interests, and to what extent have you accomplished them?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 My hobbies are: social work and learning trending technologies\
For social work, I visit different NGOs to help old aged people and participate in campaigns held by NGOs that arrange free medical check ups and many more.\
I like to learn new technology emerging in my field as I am upgrading to React Native.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Provide an example of resilience from your life. Share the work you have undertaken despite facing constant setbacks.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Despite facing constant setbacks such as bugs in the code, unexpected crashes, and compatibility issues with different devices, remains resilient. They diligently debug the code, conduct thorough testing, and collaborate with team members to troubleshoot and resolve issues. Despite the challenges, they stay committed to delivering a high-quality product. Through their resilience and determination, they eventually overcome the setbacks and successfully launch the mobile application, achieving their goal despite the obstacles along the way.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What movies have you seen recently? Share your insights and review\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 I recently watched the "Amar Singh Chamkila" movie it was a very good morning, The acting was very good of Diljit Dosanjh and other actors. It is a biography of the greatest punjabi singer amar singh chamkila with his own imitable style. He holds the record for the number of live performances in a day. He had a cult following especially amongst the rustic punjabi youth. He used to sing, play an instrument, write his own lyrics which were targeted at the masses. His life and also his death-murder evoke intrigue and interest amongst the Punjabis. Though he was a cult figure, this film will explore his story indepth.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Are you aware about climate change crisis ? In your view what is the fundamental reason behind it and how it can averted.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Yes, I am aware of the climate change crisis, how melting snow, rising temperatures are putting more and more impact on climate leading to uncertainty in natural disasters. The main reasons are deforestation, increased vehicle, refrigerator and Air Conditioner use. To combat it, reducing transportation, waste management and planting by everyone is required.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What are your views on veganism? Are you a vegan?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 No, I am not a vegan. Veganism is excluding animal products from lifestyle, helping in saving animals and environment, and better health. Being vegan is a personal choice depending on an individual's culture, thinking and dedication.\
}